Exploring Kibana


Answer the following questions:


In the last 7 days, how many unique visitors were located in India? 228


In the last 24 hours, of the visitors from China, how many were using Mac OSX? 69


In the last 2 days, what percentage of visitors received 404 errors? How about 503 errors? 404 = 7.865% 503 = 4.494%


In the last 7 days, what country produced the majority of the traffic on the website? China


Of the traffic that's coming from that country, what time of day had the highest amount of activity? Hours 12 and 13


List all the types of downloaded files that have been identified for the last 7 days, along with a short description of each file type (use Google if you aren't sure about a particular file type).

gz - gz files are files created using the gzip compression tool
css - css files describe how HTML elements are to be displayed on screen. 
zip - .zip is an archive file format that supports lossless data compression and may contain one or more files or directories that have been compressed
deb - .deb is the format as well as extension of the software package format for the Debian Linux distribution
rpm - .rpm files  are Red Hat Package Manager files that are used to store installation packages on Linux OS



Now that you have a feel for the data, Let's dive a bit deeper. Look at the chart that shows Unique Visitors Vs. Average Bytes.

Locate the time frame in the last 7 days with the most amount of bytes (activity).
In your own words, is there anything that seems potentially strange about this activity?
The time frame with the most amount of bytes is 05-01-22 at 18:00. This activity is strange because during this spike there was only one user and that single user was using almost double the number or bytes  used at any other timestamp  by multiple users.


Filter the data by this event.

What is the timestamp for this event? May 1, 2022 @ 18:00 -> May 1, 2022 @ 21:00
What kind of file was downloaded? RPM
From what country did this activity originate? India
What HTTP response codes were encountered by this visitor? 200



Switch to the Kibana Discover page to see more details about this activity.

What is the source IP address of this activity?    35.143.166.159
What are the geo coordinates of this activity?     { "lat": 43.34121, "lon": -73.6103075 }
What OS was the source machine running? Windows 8
What is the full URL that was accessed?  https://artifacts.elastic.co/downloads/beats/metricbeat/metricbeat-6.3.2-i686.rpm 
From what website did the visitor's traffic originate? Facebook



Finish your investigation with a short overview of your insights.

What do you think the user was doing? It looks like they were downloading a Linux installation package
Was the file they downloaded malicious? If not, what is the file used for? We can't say for sure. Linux packages tend to not be malicious but that isn't always the case. 
Is there anything that seems suspicious about this activity? The face that this single user used such an extreme amount of bytes I would say that is semi-suspicious and at the very least means this user should be looked into further and flagged to be monitored going forward.
Is any of the traffic you inspected potentially outside of compliance guidlines? Given that the referral link was Facebook and Facebook most likely isn't within compliance guidelines I would say yes this traffic would fall outside the guidelines



